NOTICE TO ACCOMPANY THE DISSEMINATION OF EXPORT-CONTROLLED TECHNICAL DATA
Export of the attached information (which includes, in some circumstances, release to
foreign nationals within the United States) without first obtaining approval or license
 from the Department of State for items controlled by the International Traffic in Arms
Regulation (ITAR), or the Department of Commerce for items controlled by the Export 
Administration Regulation (EAR), may constitute a violation of law.

Under 22 U.S.C. 2778, the penalty for unlawful export of items or information controlled 
under the ITAR is up to 2 years imprisonment, or a fine of $100,000, or both. Under 50 
U.S.C., appendix 2410, the penalty for unlawful export of items or information controlled 
under the EAR is a fine of up to $1,000,000, or five times the value of the exports, 
whichever is greater; or for an individual, imprisonment of up to 10 years,
or a fine of up to $250,000, or both.

In accordance with your certification that establishes you as a “qualified U.S. 
contractor,” unauthorized dissemination of this information is prohibited and may result 
in your disqualification as a qualified U.S. contractor, and may be considered in 
determining your eligibility for future contracts with the Department
of Defense.

The U.S. Government assumes no liability for direct patent infringement, or contributory 
patent infringement, or misuse of technical data.

The U.S. Government does not warrant the adequacy, accuracy, currency, or 
completeness of the technical data.

The U.S. Government assumes no liability for loss, damage, or injury resulting from 
manufacture or use for any purpose of any product, article, system, or material involving 
reliance upon any or all technical data furnished in response to the request for technical 
data.

If the technical data furnished by the Government will be used for commercial 
manufacturing or other profit potential, a license for such use may be necessary. Any 
payments made in support of the request for data do not include or involve any license 
rights. 

Include a copy of this notice with any partial or complete reproduction of these data that 
are provided to qualified U.S. contractors.
